Everyone's got haters, even girl-next-door
Jennifer Lawrence.
Some fans believe the actress's attempts to
be super-relatable are a mere marketing ploy,
while others find her behavior off-putting.
In addition, the Hunger Games star has managed
to rack up some A-list enemies.
Here are the celebs who simply can't stand
J-Law.
Lindsay Lohan
During an appearance on The Late Show with
Stephen Colbert in December 2015, Lawrence
stirred up some controversy with an unexpected
dig at former child star Lindsay Lohan.
While chatting about a brutal stomach virus
she had on the set of Joy, Lawrence said,
"I get, like, Lindsay Lohan-grade exhaustion,
but without any drugs or alcohol, I'm always
in bed early."
According to HuffPost, Lohan's younger sister,
Ali, immediately jumped to her defense, writing
in a since-deleted tweet:
"I never breathe life into negativity but
I stand by my family.
Disappointed in Jennifer Lawrence…
Not cool."
Lohan then joined the conversation herself,
answering her sister in a tweet that also
been removed:
"Thank you sister…
Maybe who you're referring to should learn
to support others like #mayaangelou."
She accompanied her snarky remark with an
image of a quote from late poet Maya Angelou's
piece "Still I Rise."
Jared Leto
Lawrence presented the award for Best Actor
at the 2014 Oscars, and as she took the stage,
Jared Leto was apparently cracking up in his
seat.
"Why are you laughing?
What?
Is this funny?
Oh, OK."
Leto told Access Hollywood that it had been
Ellen DeGeneres making him laugh, but when
he was then asked about Lawrence's red carpet
fall that evening — her second Academy Awards
mishap following the tumble she took while
accepting the Best Actress award a year prior
— he didn't mince words.
"You know, I'm starting to wonder if this
is a bit of an act."
Joan Rivers
At one point in a November 2013 conversation
with Yahoo, the topic turned to body positivity
and Lawrence's experience with body image
criticism in Hollywood.
In response to a question from the audience,
the actress shared her distaste for Joan Rivers'
hit show, Fashion Police.
"They put values in all the things that are
wrong.
And that it's okay to point at people and
call them 'ugly' or call them 'fat.'
They call it 'fun' and 'Welcome to the real
world!'"
Rivers was none too impressed with Lawrence's
comments and took to Twitter to let the world
know, clapping back, "It's funny how Jennifer
Lawrence loved [Fashion Police] during Awards
Season when we were complimenting her every
single week."
She returned just a few minutes later to add,
"WAIT!
It just dawned on me why Jennifer Lawrence
fell on her way up to the stage to get her
Oscar.
She tripped over her own arrogance."
In December 2013, less than a year before
her passing, Rivers appeared to still have
Lawrence's criticism on her mind, as she told
Page Six,
"My New Year's resolution is [ensuring] Jennifer
Lawrence grows up and realizes how lucky she
is and calms down."
Chloë Sevigny
In an interview with V Magazine in 2015, actress
Chloe Sevigny was asked if she ever worries
about being typecast.
After admitting that she does, the actress
explained,
"So much is about marketing and selling the
product.
They'll have a really peppy funny girl on
the talk show rounds, and everybody adores
her and loves her and wants to be her or f---
her, and then so many more people want to
watch the movie or TV show."
Sevigny went on to name a couple of A-listers
she admires — women like Angelina Jolie
and Emma Stone — and at least one she could
do without.
She revealed,
"Jennifer Lawrence I find annoying.
Too crass."
Miley Cyrus
After calling off their engagement in 2013,
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth rekindled their
romance three years later and, according to
a source who spoke to In Touch, it's all thanks
to Jennifer Lawrence.
Or, rather, Cyrus' alleged jealousy.
The source claimed,
"When Miley realized there might be something
serious between Jennifer and Liam, she decided
to do something to get him back.
[She] wanted to do everything in her power
to make him realize she was right for him,
not Jennifer."
The jealousy was likely sparked by headlines
claiming that the Hunger Games co-stars were
dating — and Lawrence herself didn't do
much to dispel the speculation when she appeared
on Watch What Happens Live in December 2015.
When host Andy Cohen asked if she had ever
kissed Hemsworth off-camera, Lawrence said,
"Liam and I grew up together.
Liam's real hot."
"What would you have done?"
"Yes.
I would say 'yes!'"
"Yeah!"
"Very good, very good."
Spencer Pratt
In 2017, Lawrence told Vogue that when she
moved into her new house, there were crystals
all over the place, and she wanted them removed
so that people didn't think she was a, quote,
"crystal person."
People in her life warned her to wait, claiming
it should be the person who put the crystals
in who takes them out, but instead of listening
to the advice, the actress…
"...just had all the crystals yanked out.
Sold them.
And then my f---ing house flooded.
I hate crystals."
Soon after the story ran, former The Hills
star Spencer Pratt announced that, as a crystal-lover,
he felt personally attacked by Lawrence's
remarks.
He took to Twitter to post an image of her
quote, which he captioned: "Legit never seeing
another J-LAW movie she is OVER."
Thanks for watching!
Click the Nicki Swift icon to subscribe to
our YouTube channel.
Plus check out all this cool stuff we know
you'll love, too!